
Maybe should review where using timestamp instead of timestamptz in the database since could give unexpected results in queries.

If creating general index should do it concurrently

To create new primary key create unique index concurrently and then
create primary key with this index

Can create constraints with NOT VALID and then use VALIDATE CONSTRAINT command
NOT VALID would apply 

In changing from char varying to text should be able to do this without
locking. Can add constraint as above later.

Possibly move current extensions to ext schema and add to search path so don't need to add ext.

May be useful to be able to query Kordinator tables from Safeway, or datamart to live data using Foreign tables and wrappers

Can query many kinds of data with foreign wrappers including csv and web service.

Revist random_page_cost based on the quality of your drives. How fast they are. Are there other parameters that need to be tweaked based on the quality of our system?

Can save data to a mounted folder with a faster filesystem defined as a tablespace and move indexes there for faster indexing, etc.

May want to setup default privileges for backup user to make sure always there

For new database would want xml enabled on install

May want to update functions for use with PARALLEL and other options

Install Python language so we can make web calls in functions?

Needing certain settings set to enable Parallelism in queries: dynamic_shared_memory_type, max_worker_processes, max_parallel_workers,max_parallel_workers_per_gather

What are the steps needed in creating a new table. Write it down.

How to review existing state of the db to look for where missing indexes, or not using indexes, index bloat, overly long queries, when should index be rebuilt.

Stats and analyze are important. Need to determine if stats are accurate and up-to-date.

Run analyze after loading data and creating new indexes.

An index should only be created if the number of distinct values is large enough

A b-tree index does not cover ilike operations. Need to use text_pattern_ops

shared_buffers at 25% available memory

Are we refreshing concurrently our materialized views? Is this needed?






